with the touch we back to our
new video review more we can do
a review of the figure of spider-man
2 of the spider-man movie so
let's continue to see the packaging
before starting a big greeting to all
and let's start by looking at the box of the figure
we see marvel in this amazing spider-man
4 and we see that it comes with the hand depends
green and a flame of fire and two pairs
from failing hand on the part of
back we see a picture of spider-man in
one of its spectacular ones is
arachnids we see that here we see that
says mobility figures collection
global train collection
these are the figures for each of
the figures comes a part of the great
balloon to assemble washes and before everything
I wanted to start by saying that this video
revision or this revision is at the request of
a subscriber of the collective so it's
something for him in the channel create
collections but also good videos
about marvel figures and also about
minecraft gameplay so it's region
on your channel and we start with this
revision but now we see that part
of seven amazing spider-man 2 and by the
part above an image of the spider
of spider-man warning danger of
Choking small parts is not for children
under 3 years my engadget are in
english link loving and that are for
older than 4 years and three years now
on the back of this part of
here to move an excellent art or
drawing of what the figure would be in a
spectacular arachnids fossils and now
let's continue with the figure
the figure as such cost me around
$ 30 more or less and right now your
price has gone up a bit more so 30
dollars is the fair price for the
strong figure the figure we are going to start
with the stadium has an excellent
detail the lines that look like they 're
made with a pen or pencil
so they are well sculpted it feels
the texture of the figure likewise those
shades of blue color that seems
as if it had texture is excellent it
feels the texture of genius equally in
the back we see the red spider of
the figure looks excellent and spider
black on the chest oil the figure of the
salt issue if we see it this way it
excels
They have done a great job with the
joints since if you know
these figures here are more to put
the wives without dynamics of action of
the very figure of the face the eyes
flat is a bit big but they are
great we can do others and compose
other music
we continue with the figure of the
points of articulation as such the
figure as a point of articulation moves
head
360 degrees completely up
quite down can also look
problem completely and just like the
head the arms that turn me the three
180 degrees this arm rotates' the 180
degrees and has butterflies joint
active I will choose backwards and for
go ahead and also have a
upward articulation that can be
arm both arms up
you can also turn the vice 360
degrees on the two arms sides and one
joint double point of articulation
in the arm very good joint
allows the figure to do this
type of attack of a blow normally
the figure has articulation in the hand
360 degrees and it does up and for
down also that they believe that in the
waist also has two point
articulation in the thorax part by
the chest part with the waist in the
union down and up
excellent articulation applied for a
figure manuel laws articulation physics
at the waist 360 degrees
and in the part of the foot can lift
up to this point and double point of
joint in the knee completely
a 360 ° foot joint as already
they imagined it and a joint
small on the foot up and towards
front or back that is forward and
you have the joint that makes the
figure of the foot the part of the foot and between
180 degrees to put them in poses
dynamics like what would be
and figure
and if we look like a positioning
Then he wants to have a blow
yes
but let's see the figure and with the
interchangeable hands so there we
we see
and now as we can see it comes with a
arm from inside bing
this arm only has articulation
of down and up in double
point of the situation in the elbow
articulation in the arm and up and
down and articulation account has
the arm 300 360 degrees and up and
down also so it's a very
good figure to wash juice from an arm
of articulation with a lot of
articulation so let's continue
with the flame of fire or the flame of
fire from a soft plastic this gp
so it's very good very good accessory
for the figure of the big globe and apart
who believe comes apart with that arm
come also imagine with two hands
more for the figure this is something
excellent have applied marvel laws of
hasbro for figures on a scale of
marvel characters so how do you
they imagined already came with their peers
hand
and now let's put another one for
keep seeing that the vision that
continuing with the review we are going to
put the human hands
interchangeable to the figure this is of
easy just pull and
they place the hand of their preference that
is the hand doing lateral to the
I just put cobweb and have to
be with your hand so we put the
another in the other hand
I have seen and I have seen that it gives you the figure
the cobweb if you want to put a
dynamic pose there
Now let's do a little
comparison with surmountable bread
now if we see the figure of the doctor
octopus and the figure of spider-man
articulable can put here the figure and
we see that the sizes figure of
the possible pro is higher than the figure
from marvel legends so it's from
figuretis wins and of course the doctor
octopus is on average failing
command of the movie but it 's isolated
figures are excellent I recommend
all three of these spider-man figures
the two and I recommend the other one
possibly good news that they believe
that are going to when you left behind new
dices
the good news that this trophy
can have a vision and I hope that they
like the video that I'm going to upload
nothing would be all this thanks for watching
the sales video and thanks because in
the good video I am a collector
marvel and he said goodbye saying goodbye
and if you want to see actions like these in
full hd
and I teach the figures subscribe if
disquería soon have new
decisions of figures will come
figures and new visions and that was it
the video and cha cha cha cha cha cha cha